Add Ovio.org to open-source contribution initiatives (#486)
freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source: README.md

- [First Contributions](https://firstcontributions.github.io/) - Make your first Open Source contribution in 5 minutes. A tool and tutorial to help beginners get started with contributions. [Here](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) is the GitHub source code for the site and opportunity to make a contribution to the repository itself.
- [Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/) - A program to encourage Open Source contributions. Earn gifts like t-shirts and stickers by making at least 4 pull requests in the month of October.
- [24 Pull Requests](https://24pullrequests.com) - 24 Pull Requests is a project to promote Open Source collaboration during the month of December.

> - [Ovio](https://ovio.org) - A platform with a curated selection of contributor-frienldy projects. It has a powerful issue search [tool](https://ovio.org/issues) and lets you save projects and issues for later!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ovio](https://ovio.org) - A platform with a curated selection of contributor-friendly projects. It has a [powerful issue search tool](https://ovio.org/issues) and let's you save projects and issues for later.
```
